Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-handler-fixEmailDomains.adoc

= Function: fixEmailDomains
:page-edition: Enterprise Edition
:tabs:

*Goal*: Redact Sensitive Data prior to sharing.

* This function *fixEmailDomains* will fix email domains by ensuring only a top level domain is used.
* Example given an Email address like _jack.smith@mailhost.company.com_ we update it to use only the top level domain _jack.smith@company.com_.

> * Requires a metdata bucket and a source bucket, and a source bucket aliases to "src_bkt" in mode read+write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires a metadata bucket and a source bucket, and a source bucket aliased to "src_bkt" in mode read+write.
```

> * Will operate on all documents with doc.type === "employees".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Will operate on all documents where doc.type === "employees".
```

[{tabs}] 
====
fixEmailDomains::
+
--
[source,javascript]
----
function fixEmailDomain(doc,fieldname,emaildomain) {
    /*
    * doc:         the mutated document
    * fieldname:   the name of the email field in "doc" to update

>     * emaildomain: the domain to use exampley @mycompany.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * emaildomain: the domain to use, for example @mycompany.com
```
